I'm neither angry nor do I hold grudges and
one thing is the people and another
thing is the team I understand that he is
referring to the fact that one thing is
gref and another is the team not the players
fans whoever the owner is can
make whatever decision they want and
obviously well I have stayed the same I mean I mean it
doesn't affect me
negatively in my life You know like
saying It's not that now I'm going to earn less it's
not that I'm the same So that's why I
don't hold grudges when something happens to you
If you swallow it in the end that's here
inside if you keep it in your chest It
creates a little tumor here you have to get it
out it's like capeting and
capeting capeting in the end when it
explodes nobody is going to be interested
that they just let you out here that they weren't paid they
rehearse Yes more freedom I have
less responsibilities and I earn the same
So if they offered you another team
Well we would have to talk about it and we would have to
talk about conditions that in the last case
mm well